docs: add release notes for WARP & Unichain testnet (August 22, 2025) (#147)
chainstack/dev-portal: changelog.mdx

import { Button } from '/snippets/button.mdx';

<Update label="Chainstack updates: August 21, 2025" description=" by Vladimir">

> **Protocols**. Now, you can deploy [Global Nodes](/docs/global-elastic-node) for Unichain Tetsnet. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Protocols**. Now, you can deploy [Global Nodes](/docs/global-elastic-node) for Unichain Sepolia Testnet. 
```
